Update Installation page (#115)
sourcecred/docs: docs/setup/installation.md

title: Installation
---

SourceCred currently support running from a Node environment or using Docker.
_In a future release we're looking to add easier options._
The easiest way to install SourceCred is to fork the [example repo](https://github.com/sourcecred/example-instance). This repo contains scripts that will install SourceCred locally and set up an example instance of SourceCred. This instance can then be configured to include just the plugins you want and point to the data sources you care about.

## Node environment
If you want to build SourceCred from source (for instance to get bleeding edge features) or to develop on it, see the [Development Setup instructions](#development-setup).

> The Node environment is useful for development and running from source code.

Reviewer: Let's unmention docker, it's not really supported yet.

Author: Done

1. Clone the `example-instance` repo from SourceCred’s GitHub:

`git clone https://github.com/sourcecred/example-instance.git`

2. Install SourceCred and its dependencies

If you don't have it, install [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/). Then run yarn to install SourceCred and its dependencies.

`yarn` 

> That's it! The installed instance with come with the latest stable release and default configurations, including all plugins.

Reviewer: This isn't really enough--presumably the user isn't interested in having a SC instance that only shows them example data. They need more help to get it set up for their own data sources. This is basically per-plugin though: maybe we should link to a setup page for each plugin?

Author: Had the same thought. Was thinking of putting instructions for selecting and configuring plugins here. But then thought that would conflict with what I assumed was the decided upon structure:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1634777/87816737-ab7da880-c81c-11ea-97b6-9fa45ba152e2.png)

Seems like setting up plugins would logically fall under configuration. For configuration, was imagining a high-level page, similar to installation, with links to separate pages for each plugin (there's a lot for some plugins, and don't want to make the page too long). Was thinking then we could have a separate "Getting Started Guide" page that walks you through everything, including setting up a simple plugin config (just Discourse, as it requires no permissions stuff?). 

However, if we're making the installation page this short, it might make sense to fold instructions into a more 'getting started guide' style doc, with general high level instructions on how to configure plugins? 

Related (just dumping this here but can break out into separate convo if desired): do we have two separate pages for each plugin, one on configuring it and another describing how cred flows? Torn on this. Perhaps actually just collecting all the plugin config in the Configuration page makes most sense actually? Then there's not confusion around two pages called "Discord" (or similar).

> ## Development Setup

Reviewer: Let's not include dev setup here. It will be too annoying to try to keep it in sync between the official docs and the sc/sc repo. Instead, let's just link to the README.md on sourcecred/sourcecred for folks who want dev instructions.

Author: Added link to the README. We may want to tweak text. Didn't want to spend time on it because we may end up shifting things around, per other comments.

title: Installation
---

The easiest way to install SourceCred is to fork the [example repo](https://github.com/sourcecred/example-instance). This repo contains scripts that will install SourceCred locally and set up an example instance of SourceCred. This instance can then be configured to include just the plugins you want and point to the data sources you care about.

If you want to build SourceCred from source (for instance to get bleeding edge features) or to develop on it, see the [Development Setup instructions](https://github.com/sourcecred/sourcecred#development-setup) on GitHub.

## Installing from example instance

1. Clone the `example-instance` repo from SourceCred’s GitHub:

`git clone https://github.com/sourcecred/example-instance.git`

2. Install SourceCred and its dependencies

If you don't have it, install [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/). Then run yarn to install SourceCred and its dependencies.

`yarn` 

That's it! The installed instance with come with the latest stable release and default configurations, including all plugins.

> Next, you'll want to configure your instance by selecting which plugins to use and configuring them. See the [Configuration page] for further instructions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you'll want to configure your instance by selecting which plugins to use and configuring them. See the [example-instance README](https://github.com/sourcecred/example-instance/blob/master/README.md) for more details.
```
